External emojis prevents mobile messages from being sent (#4705)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-troubleshoot.rst

Some distributions also ship without ``mailcap`` which can result in missing or incorrectly configured mime types.

Messages with emojis aren't being sent from the Mobile App
----------------------------------------------------------

This can occur if the server running Mattermost is configured with an incorrect character set. To resolve this issue, in the ``config.json`` file under ``SqlSettings``, ensure that the ``DataSource`` key is configured correctly, then restart the Mattermost server. 

For example:

.. code-block:: none

  "SqlSettings": {
      "DataSource": "<user:pass>@<servername>/mattermost?charset=utf8mb4,utf8",
      [...]
    }

> See our `Configuration Settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#data-source>`__ documentation for details on configuring the connection string to the master database.

Author: ```suggestion
See our `Configuration Settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#data-source>`__ documentation for details on configuring the connection string to the master database.
```
